Can you help me understand the software development life cycle?

Where in the Python documentation can i learn about classes? I will need a link to the reference.

Can you assist with developing a project plan for a service-based architecture using Python with ReactJS client side components. It is important the the project plan adheres to best practices (SOLID principles), including security and testing.

How can I design a web application using the MVC pattern? I will be using Node.js and Express with ReactJS client side components.

Show an example of how to test a Python component using PyTest.

How can I securely handle user authentication for a service layer written in Python?

@workspace /new scaffold a SPA with ReactJS version 17.x that implents a 'tic-tac-toe' game. It is important to adhere to SOLID design principles and use the MVC pattern. 

i need  sample hourly employee data. The sample should have a header row and at least 10 rows of data. The data should include the following columns: Employee ID, Department ID, First Name, Last Name, Hourly Rate. The data should be in a CSV file format.

i need a  JSON array of 10 rows of data. The data should include the following keys: EmployeeID, DepartmentID, FirstName, LastName, HourlyRate. 

How would I consume this JSON data using Python?


I need help designing and implementing a web-based invoicing application for a service-based sole proprietorship. I am an experienced Python developer and considering Django for the backend. The application should be able to store data in an easy to use data store, export data to excel (csv format), and be easy to extend. The application should adhere to SOLID design principles. The application should have invoice management logic that makes it easy to add and remove invoice items and clients. The application should have reports for billing and ageing.
Details:
- stores data in an easy to use data store
- able to export data to excel (csv format)
- the application should be easy to extend and adhere to SOLID design principles
- Invoice management logic makes it easy to add and remove invoice items and clients
- Reports for billing and ageing

How can I use the MVC pattern to design a web application?Please explain how to perform local and remote static analysis of a NodeJS app using GH CodeQL

Where in the Microsoft C++ documentation can I learn about classes? I would like a link to the provided reference.

Describe how you can assist a QA professional in creating UI tests using Selenium. The application is written in C#.

I am a Python programmer. How do I create UI tests using Selenium?